Document how to get started working on rules_python (#891)
bazelbuild/rules_python: CONTRIBUTING.md

([Linux install](https://github.com/cli/cli/blob/trunk/docs/install_linux.md)).
(More advanced users may prefer the GitHub UI and raw `git` commands).

```shell
gh repo fork bazelbuild/rules_python --clone --remote
```

Next, make sure you have a new enough version of Python installed that supports the
various code formatters and other devtools. For a quick start,
[install pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv-installer) and
at least Python 3.9.15:

```shell
curl https://pyenv.run | bash
pyenv install 3.9.15
pyenv shell 3.9.15
```

## Development workflow

It's suggested that you create what is called a "feature/topic branch" in your
fork when you begin working on code you want to eventually send or code review.

```
git checkout main # Start our branch from the latest code
git checkout -b my-feature # Create and switch to our feature branch
git push origin my-feature # Cause the branch to be created in your fork.
```

From here, you then edit code and commit to your local branch. If you want to
save your work to github, you use `git push` to do so:

```
git push origin my-feature
```

Once the code is in your github repo, you can then turn it into a Pull Request

> to the actual rules\_python project and begin the code review process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the actual rules_python project and begin the code review process.
```

## Running tests

Running tests is particularly easy thanks to Bazel, simply run:

```
bazel test //...
```

And it will run all the tests it can find. The first time you do this, it will
probably take long time because various dependencies will need to be downloaded
and setup. Subsequent runs will be faster, but there are many tests, and some of
them are slow. If you're working on a particular area of code, you can run just
the tests in those directories instead, which can speed up your edit-run cycle.

Note that there are tests to verify generated documentation is correct -- if
you're modifying the signature of a public function, these tests will likely
fail and you'll need to [regenerate the api docs](#documentation).

## Formatting

Starlark files should be formatted by
[buildifier](https://github.com/bazelbuild/buildtools/blob/master/buildifier/README.md).
Otherwise the Buildkite CI will fail with formatting/linting violations.
We suggest using a pre-commit hook to automate this.
First [install pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/#installation),
then run

```shell
pre-commit install
```

### Running buildifer manually

> You can also run buildifier manually. To do this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also run buildifier manually. To do this,
```

- Anything else, such as feature requests not related to existing core rules
  functionality, should also be filed in this repository but without the
  `core-rules` label.

## FAQ

### Installation errors when during `git commit`

If you did `pre-commit install`, various tools are run when you do `git commit`.
This might show as an error such as:

```
[INFO] Installing environment for https://github.com/psf/black.
[INFO] Once installed this environment will be reused.
[INFO] This may take a few minutes...
An unexpected error has occurred: CalledProcessError: command: ...
```

To fix, you'll need to figure out what command is failing and why. Because these
are tools that run locally, its likely you'll need to fix something with your

> environment or the installation of the tools. For Python tools (such as black or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment or the installation of the tools. For Python tools (e.g. black or
```
